- [Instructor] The most efficient way to create a new list
with a professional look is to use templates.
If you can find a template that aligns with your scenario,
it can save you a lot of time.
In this lesson, I'll show you
how to bring your own list to life using templates.
I'll start from Office.com.
Select the app launcher in the upper left corner
and open Lists.
In this example, I'm planning an event.
So I want to find out if there's a template
that will help me create it.
So, I'll start by selecting new list.
The template section shows templates I can use.
Here's an event itinerary template that looks good.
When I select it, I'll see a preview with sample data.
Most of the columns look helpful
but I don't need all of them
so I'll customize it after the list has been created.
Select use template.
On the next window, enter a name.
I'll call mine, March Wedding Show
and enter description, expo center show.
I'll keep the calendar icon in the default color
and have it stored in my lists.
Next, I'll select create
to create my list from the template.
Now that the list is created,
I can customize it to fit my needs.
I don't need the speaker's column
so I can either hide or delete it.
If I hide the column, it will still exist in the list
but will not be displayed.
I'll hide the speaker column instead of deleting it
in case someone else ends up presenting with me.
I'll select the dropdown next to the speaker's heading,
then select column settings and choose hide this column.
The speaker's column is no longer visible.
I won't have session codes for my event
so I wanted to delete the session code column.
So I'll select the dropdown next to session code,
select column settings, and choose edit.
This brings up the edit column panel.
Now I can select delete in the bottom right corner.
Confirm in the window and the column is removed.
Reorganizing columns allows me
to keep related items together.
I prefer the description column
to be next to the session name.
So I can select description
and drag it to the right of session name.
Now I'm ready to start adding my own data.
I'll add some sessions by selecting new.
The first thing on the itinerary for this show is breakfast.
So, I'll enter that as a title
and I'll select meal for the session type.
And in the description field,
I'll enter, bring business cards.
Finally, select save at the top and the list item is added.
So there you have it.
Creating a list from a template helps me get started quickly
and they look great.
So go ahead, open Microsoft Lists
and look for a template that matches your next project.